# Scopus-WoS-Merger
The repository consist of Python codes that allow users to merge downloaded search results from Scopus and Wos. To ensure easy data processing of the datasets, both of them were changed from comma delimiter to a tab delimiter using LibreOffice Calc. 

It contains two jupyter notebooks containing Python code:
- ScopusWoSComparator.ipynb, and
- dbCreator.ipynb

## Scopus WoS Comparator (ScopusWoSComparator.ipynb)
This code takes a co-located file of exported search results from Scopus and Web of Science (WoS). The files should be named <i><b>"scopus_title_keyword_abstract_tab.csv"</i></b> and <i><b>"wos_full_record.csv"</i></b>, respectively.

Then the code merges these files, while removing useless information like citation of a proceeding, counting the papers that appear in one list but not the other, and counting those that appear in both.

Finally, the application saves a combined list of peprs (without duplication) in a co-located file called <i><b>"papersToRead.txt"</i></b> and the results that are presumed to not be scientific papers as saved in <i><b>"bad.txt"</i></b>.

## DB Creator (dbCreator.ipynb)
This Python code depends on the "ScopusWoSComparator.ipynb". It takes the file <i><b>"papersToRead.txt"</i></b> generated by the aforementioned notebook and the other two co-located files <i><b>"scopus_title_keyword_abstract_tab.csv"</i></b> and <i><b>"wos_full_record.csv"</i></b>, which were search results exported from Scopus and Web of Science (WoS), respectively.

Db Creator merges the two document and develop a Scopus-like csv file that can be used by <a href="https://www.vosviewer.com/">VOSviewer</a>. The resulting file is created in the smae folder with the jupyter notebook and it is named <i><b>"idsPapersDataset.csv"</i></b>.

## Summarized List (reGroup.ipynb)
This python code takes the list of keywords in the cluster of interest $K$ that was generated by the VoSviewer. It also takes the merged dataset <i><b>"idsPapersDataset.csv"</i></b>. Then, the code creates a list of the papers with the keywords that match the paper $K_m$, where $K\inK_m$. 

| 1 | machine learning-based intrusion detection system for smart city                                      | 1 | machine learning |                   |                    |
|---|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---|------------------|-------------------|--------------------|
| 2 | protédge: a few-shot ensemble learning approach to software-defined networking-assisted edge security | 2 | machine learning | ensemble learning |                    |
| 3 | federated wireless network intrusion detection                                                        | 3 | machine learning | deep learning     | federated learning |

## Other Files
- <b>thesaurus_fog.txt</b>: This is a file that tells VOSviewer plurality of words that mean the same thing and that they should be counded as one.
- <b>idsPapersDataset.csv</b>: This file is a merged database, which contained both Scopus and WoS search results. It can be used directly with VOSviewer.
- <b>papersToRead.txt</b>: This file contains a non-duplicate list of scientific papers from both Scopus and WOS.
- <b>bad.txt</b>: This file contains a list of titles the Python code think are not papers. This is common with Scopus search result, which list title of proceedings in search results.
- <b>search_term.txt</b>: Contains the search term used in out survey paper titled, "A Comprehensive Survey of Intrusion Detectionand Prevention Systems in Fog Computing"
-  <b>survey_network.txt</b>: Contains the VOSviewer network presented in our survey paper (see Bibtex below).
-  <b>survey_map.txt</b>: Contains the co-occurance map for the keyword of the survey paper (see Bibtex below).
-  <b>groups.csv</b>: Contains a summary list of paper title and keywords that match both the cluster of interest and the paper.

## Bibtex
@misc{aliyu2021merger,  
    url={https://github.com/faroouq/Scopus-WoS-Merger},  
    author={Farouq, Aliyu},  
    year={2021},  
    month={January},  
    title={Scopus-WoS-Merger},  
    note={Accessed on 1st January, 2021}  
}

Don't forget to cite this work
